Update Building.md (#790)
ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs: documentation/docs/pages/infrastructure/Building.md

- Make the changes
- Open an issue in that repository and push the changes back to a branch on that repository. The branch should be named with the issue number.

> This can then be built using the pre-release build infrastructure described in this [Hive Docs article](https://docs.access-hive.org.au/models/run-a-model/create-a-prerelease/) (i.e. model is built online using GitHub). Please contact the ACCESS-NRI ocean team for access to the relevant github repositories and support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can then be built using the pre-release build infrastructure described in this [Hive Docs article](https://docs.access-hive.org.au/models/run-a-model/create-a-prerelease/). A pre-release build uses a GitHub action to automatically build on NCI's Gadi. Please contact the ACCESS-NRI ocean team for access to the relevant github repositories and support.
```

> For more complex changes and to assist in faster iterations of code changes, it may make more sense to setup a personal spack instance, as described in [Modify and build an ACCESS model source code](https://docs.access-hive.org.au/models/run-a-model/build_a_model/) (i.e. you can build the model yourself on NCI's Gadi).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more complex changes and to assist in faster iterations of code changes, it may make more sense to setup a personal spack instance, as described in [Modify and build an ACCESS model source code](https://docs.access-hive.org.au/models/run-a-model/build_a_model/). A personal spack instance allows builds from a local copy of source code on NCI's Gadi, however should not be used from experiments as provenance of the build is not stored.
```
